was discovered Joseph doucett
the victims former husband and father of
the surviving child
[Music]
your father's been missing for 20 years
if I could somehow bring him here do you
think you could forgive him I could try
[Music]
what happened he showed up last night I
need your help I haven't seen you guy in
like 20 years
where are you if you are trying to find
your daughter you clear your name I
could help you if you would like to see
your daughter alive again answer two
questions
wine to dine prison for 20 years
[Music]
No - why did I hurt you girl
don't want you to go I don't have a
choice
whoever you are
I will find you only from this place all
right
you might want to think about what
you're doing here I've been thinking
about it for the last 20 years